vnc-ports (#138)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/installguide/hypervisor/vsphere.rst

Extend Port Range for CloudStack Console Proxy
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In production environments (large number of VMs), 
it's needed to extend the range of firewall ports that the console proxy
works with on the hosts. The default additional port range is 50000-50999
(see global settings ``vmware.additional.vnc.portrange.size`` and ``vmware.additional.vnc.portrange.start``).
 
Change global setting ``vmware.additional.vnc.portrange.size`` to i.e "10000" and restart the 
management-server service on each management server.
Add those additional ports to the ESXi firewall on each host.

> Log via SSH to every VMware ESX host and edit file ``/etc/rc.local.d/local.sh``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in via SSH to every VMware ESXi host and edit the file ``/etc/rc.local.d/local.sh``
```

by adding the following lines just above the "exit 0" line.:

.. parsed-literal::

   cat <<EOF > /etc/vmware/firewall/vncAdditionalPorts.xml
   <ConfigRoot>
     <service>
       <id>vncAdditionalPorts</id>
       <rule id='0000'>
         <direction>inbound</direction>
         <protocol>tcp</protocol>
         <porttype>dst</porttype>
         <port>
           <begin>51000</begin>
           <end>60000</end>
         </port>
       </rule>
       <enabled>true</enabled>
       <required>false</required>
     </service>
   </ConfigRoot>
   EOF
   esxcli network firewall refresh

This will ensure the needed firewall rules are applied on boot of ESXi hosts.

> Repeat the same commands that were just added to ``local.sh`` script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the change on the running host, repeat the commands that were just added to ``local.sh`` script, at the shell command line:
```
